# Artificial-Intelligence--Cognitive-Computing-Artificial-Intelligence-Industry-Tools-and-Technolo
In this report, we briefly explain cognitive technology and artificial intelligence methodologies and their  roles in business and government, then we dive into our specific industry of focus – the Media and  Entertainment Industry. While this industry consists of film, print, radio, television, video games, and  music, we will take a look at topics particularly relating to digital media and entertainment. Most of the  advances in this industry have been in streaming platforms for music and television, as well as  breakthroughs in Hollywood film production and gaming. We will discuss these developments and how  the use of artificial intelligence and cognitive technologies continues to be a driving factor in company  competitiveness and sustainability. This is an industry where offering broad, generalized services is no  longer the standard – with both services and advertising. With music and television streaming services,  like Netflix and Spotify, we discuss how these industry leaders use personalized content and  recommendations to serve both their customers and their advertisers. In the past, advertisers would pay to  have their ads randomly played between breaks of a show’s episode; but now, ads are tailored to specific  viewers based on factors like age, if you are a parent, gender, etc. based on specific shows that are geared  to certain demographics. Not only can companies see an increase of sales and website traffic due to this  customization, users can come across products and services that otherwise they may not have heard about  that would benefit their lifestyle; plus, streaming services are able to increase the advertising fee due to  this customization, boosting advertising revenue. It is a win-win for all involved.   We also interview a small movie director, who has noticed and benefited from this technology first hand.  We will discuss his experience with these technological advances in this field. As great as these  technologies are, this industry also faces just as many challenges as they do opportunities. We will  discuss these in this report, as well as short-term and long-term impacts of these technologies on the  industry, such as privacy concerns and unemployment.  
